Please, please.
Good luck, Junye
Give us something to eat. We haven't eaten for three days
daughter
What's wrong with you, daughter, what's wrong with you every day?
Who will save us?
Uncle brother
Please give me a stutter.
Just one bite.
Old old
That's not appetizing either
Well, accompany me to have a good time, hahaha.
OK
Then you have to give food first.
What to eat
I know the ghost fairy
I am dead
Hahaha, why should I die?
Don't come here before you starve to death
Just play with the master, hahaha, no, help
Ah!
Grandpa, it hasn't rained in a long time.
Godmother wants to sell me to the second young master
I don't want to marry that villain
Can you help me if you add another 0?
Grandpa, you really appeared
You're awake
Wait a minute.
Give me something to eat how is it you
Where is this?
Where am I?
Is this Qingshan Town?
Qingshan Town
Why am I here?
What day is today?
Today is July 15, the 21st of the Republic of China
Brother, are you alright?
Twenty-first year of the Republic of China
Qingshan Town
I have passed through
How do you eat this?
This big brother has been in drought for a year
It would be nice to have something to eat
A year of drought
According to history
It's just that the drought will last a long time to explain
i
I'm finished.
I didn't look at you for a while
You little hoof is here for a man
Go home now
Godmother, he is injured and needs someone to take care of him
Why do you still want to keep him?
Don't think I don't know
Once your body is broken, it will be worthless. Come back with me.
Go back godmother go back
It starts with a chamber pot.
How does this play?
What the hell is this?
How can you eat this?